Allow to set tracking branch in rename (closes #1484) (#1497)
VirtusLab/git-machete-intellij-plugin: CHANGE-NOTES.md

- Added a field to provide/edit a custom annotation in the Slide In dialog.
- Added Compare With Parent action to the context menu.
- Fixed an issue with Slide In Unmanaged Branch Notification for a branch from a git repository that is not selected.

> - Added an option to the branch rename dialog allowing to set the remote branch name.

Reviewer: Maybe 
```suggestion
- Added an option to the branch rename dialog allowing to keep or discard the remote tracking branch info.
```
